Cardsync for Teams Privacy Policy

Cardsync for Teams (referred to here as “we,” “our,” or “Cardsync") created this Privacy Policy to inform our website users, customers, browsers, online community participants, those who purchase or inquire about our products and services and others (collectively referred to as “customers”) about our practices regarding collection, use and disclosure of personally identifiable information (“personal data”) that we collect from them.  

This Privacy Policy is subject to our Terms of Use.  We may update this Privacy Policy from time to time, as specified in the “Changes to This Privacy Policy” section below.

1. What is the GDPR and how does it affect my experience with CardSync?

The General Data Protection Regulation, or GDPR, is a new regulation focused on European Union residents’ privacy rights. One of its goals is to give consumers control over their Personal Data. The regulation came into effect on May 25th, 2018. 

We believe the principles laid out in the GDPR will become the global standard and fully support it while working to apply them globally throughout our consumer journey.

2. What is Personal Data and what Personal Data does CardSync collect about me?

“Personal Data” is any information that can be used to identify you, directly or indirectly, alone or together with other information. The only information we collect about you is when you register for an account with us (email address, name, phone number if provided, username and password)or interact with our Services (such as browsing our website online - cookies to track demographic or location).

3. What does CardSync do with the Personal Data it collects about me?

CardSync uses and discloses the Personal Data we collect from you to create your account, enable your activity within our Services, and to provide the Services. We also use your information (email address, phone number) to communicate with you and respond to your requests.

4. How can I request to review what Personal Data CardSync has collected regarding me?

We fully support GDPR and although it applies to an EU resident, we will make every reasonable effort to support your right to request access to your Personal Data that we have collected and stored. Please note that in majority of cases, it will be the email address, name, and phone number (if provided). To request access to your Personal Data, please send an email to contact@cardsync.xyz

5. Information about personal data security.

We take appropriate steps to protect personal data from loss, misuse and unauthorized access, disclosure, alteration or destruction, whether in transmission or storage.  Please keep in mind, however, that there is no such thing as perfect security, and no Internet transmission is ever completely secure or error-free.  Moreover, you are responsible for maintaining the confidentiality of any user name and password you use.

6. How to contact us

If you have questions or concerns related to this Privacy Policy or our information practices, would like to update or correct information you have provided or would like to opt-out of promotional communications from us, please contact us as follows: contact@cardsync.xyz

7. Changes to This Privacy Policy

This Privacy Policy may be revised from time to time for any reason.  If this Privacy Policy changes, the revised policy will include a new effective date, and we will notify you of such changes by posting the revised policy on this page.  Be sure to check the Privacy Policy whenever you submit personal data or use our website.  The effective date of this Privacy Policy is May 25, 2018.

